I have problems at my workplace.

	Select yes for do you face low energy levels after a day at work?
Select “5” for how much has your sleeping habits changed since you have started working here?
Select “3” for how much has your appetite changed since you have started working here?
Select “3” for how moody are you at work?
Select “5” for how much has your relationship due to work?
Select “3” for how much has your external factors suffered because of work?

Expect to see a final score of 3.8 


Select “yes” for do you worry about finance?”.
Select ”5” for “how much are you not satisfied with your salary?”
Select “5” for “how much are you worried for losing your job?”
Select “3” for “how upset are you during your payday?”
Select “3” for "How much are you feeling uncomfortable about letting other people know your salary?",
Select “3” for "How much do you worry about meeting your expenses with your income?”

Expect to see a final score of 3.8


Select “yes” for “Do you feel confident at work?"
  Select “3” for "How much do you feel uncomfortable with your bosses and colleagues?",
  Select “5” for "How much do you see yourself as an incapable person?",
  Select “5” for "How much do you struggle on completing tasks of your work?",
  Select “3” for "How often do you work under pressure?",
  Select “5” for "How will you rate your mental state at work?
 
 Expect to see a score of 4.2.


   I have problems in school.

Select yes for "Are you not willing to go to school?"

        Select “5” for "How much do you feel uncomfortable in class? ",
        Select “3” for "How much do you feel unable to cope up with the subjects?",
        Select “3” for "How difficult are you when you are facing the faculty?"

Expect to see a final score of 3.6.

	Select “yes” for “Are you not happy with your grades?”

       Select “5” for "How often do you feel frustrated after receiving your grades? ",
       Select “5” for "How much are the external factors affecting your grades? ",
       Select “3” for "How much do you feel your grade does not reflect the effort you put in studying?",
        Select “5” "How much scared are you for exams overnight?”

      Expect to see a final score of 4.5


Select “yes” for "Do you face bullying at school?"
    Select “5” for "Rate the severity of bullying you are facing",
    Select “5” for "How much traumatized are you after bullying ?"

    Expect to see a final score of 5

 I have problems with personal relationship
	    
Select “yes” for "Do you have any issues with your family?"
      Select “5” for "How much is your family issue affecting your mental health?",
      Select “3” for ”How much do you feel disconnected with your family?",
      Select “3” for "How much do you think your family is not supporting your career/hobbies?",
      Select “5” for  "How much pressure are you facing from your family?”

      Expect to see a final score of 4


	   Select “yes” for  "Are you facing any problems in love?"
   
       Select “5” for "How much do you feel disconnected between you and your partner?",
       Select “5” for "How much do you feel your partner doesn't understand you?"
      Expect to see a final score of 5


Select “yes” for "Do you face any difficulties in expressing your opinions?"
       Select “5” for "How often do you feel like accepting the opponent’s view?",
       Select “5” for "How much do you feel having trouble talking to people?",
       Select “5” for "How much are you scared of being hated by others?",
      Select “5” for "Rate the degree of trouble you have maintaining a good relationship with others."

      Expect to see a final score of 5

